Rosito is back in the fray this episode
of Salsa Rosa and with it
we're going to comment on it with the YouTuber
Javier Oliveira Javier Oliveira you're
with us yes we have him there how are you
Javi Oliveira a very famous YouTuber
who we also follow from 7 nm How are you
How are you Javi Well very well
delighted to be here with you
Thank you very much How are you Good evening
how are you watching how are you watching
this meeting between Irene Montero and
Rocío Carrasco because you have followed
all these chapters on Sálvame and you
have commented on them in fact
your videos on this matter have almost gone viral Regarding
the Antonio David matter and well
it seems that Irene
Montero the Minister of Equality is back with
Rocío Carrasco she doesn't care about the sentence
she doesn't care what justice says well
again with that with this
parallel trial and they have given each other a very
effusive hug Javi selective feminism is what
I see here Likewise It's that according to
some media outlets Like for
example informalia Irene Montero had already
seen the documentary Before
it was broadcast and had already agreed on the
interventions that she was going to make both in
Sálvame and in the documentary itself the
tweets that she posted for which she has been
reported to Brussels which by the way has
been admitted for processing and well I don't know what
feeling it must have given you
but the feeling I got
seeing the hug is that you can believe
whoever you want and you can be
supporting whoever you want of course
but the feeling I got is
that it was a hug from someone she
already knows or has been talking to for a while yes yes it
seems so
also what is quite curious is that
well our government gives an award to
a documentary about the heart because this is
a documentary about the heart we
cannot compare this with documentaries like
maybe the one about Dolores Vázquez that has
come out now or the one about Marta del Castillo
this is a gossip documentary and they
give her an award saying that they are
aware of gender violence
when these people are not
aware at all according to the according to
the sentence itself that condemned the
television factory for the lawsuit that
Antonio David brought against the
television factory it came out ex officio that there was like
consequently I have said contract some
agreements between Fidel Alvear and Rocío
Carrasco with the television factory and with
Telecinco itself so that they would drop
all the lawsuits and all the
compensations So this is not raising
awareness with
gender violence or that they care about this it is really
business to talk about
gender violence We also have here on set
Jesús Muñoz he is a man who has
published his life on social networks
for a long time explaining the
problem that for the law for him the law
of gender violence Good evening
Jesús good evening Thank you very much
for the invitation Jesús the truth is that we have
put you here in a discussion almost
of gossip with Javi Oliveira and it is
true that this youtuber is very
right about the direction that
this country is going where even the gossip is
being politicized But well This
is taking its toll in the end
because Sálvame is suffering because
audience ratings like it has never
had before it has been going down because
precisely it has been infected with this
feminazism it has politicized  The studio has
conducted this parallel trial,
criminalizing Antonio David in this case,
who has not been convicted. It must be
repeated. Javi.
Not only is he not convicted.
When we talk about the presumption of
innocence, it is said that the presumption
of innocence is supposed to mean that when there is
an accusation, in case of doubt,
the innocence of any
Spaniard is always presumed. But the fact is that we are talking about
a case that people do not
understand, there has not been a trial because
the seven judges who have dealt with the case have not
seen the case, they have not decided to
carry out the trials, but they have been investigated, in other
words, the judges who
carried the case are the ones who have
truly seen all
those documents, all those reports, and
all that information without ceasing. Because let's
remember that in the documentary they have
put a little bit of it because they want to
go to one side only. In fact,
the collaborators themselves have been
affected in that if they did not want to lose their
jobs, they had to give their opinion with a certain level of
reason.
Yes, we are talking about the presumption of
innocence, we are talking about trampling on it
because yes, knowing that no, well, another new
tendency, according to totalitarianism, Rosa
Javi Oliveira, it seems we are living
again.  in this country Thank you very much
for having attended to us We will continue watching
your YouTube channel and we will be very
attentive now we go to Manu de Castro with
Jesús Muñoz You know him very well